Miss Su
In the future, if you don't mind
Song Xun, if you want to refuse, refuse
If you want me, I have to like you.
Who do you think I am?
A few days ago, I was still entangled with the female thief on the mountain
You want to treat me today
What a female thief?
Well, a few days ago, you were caught by female bandits going up the mountain to attract breasts.
But your brain is stuck in the door
He thinks you're not clean. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm not clean anymore
What are you talking about?
Anyway
I haven't liked you since you got married
I didn't expect to see it clearly today
You're such a wild man
I'm really pissed off.
I came back to you to investigate the case
Don't be delusional
Ah!
Since they all escaped
Then let's go find my father
Hey, no, I just disappeared a few days ago.
I lost you for a few more days
If you go back now, you will definitely be told.
Don't worry.
There was another murder in the city yesterday
Marshal
The case has been handed over to Han Dong and Su Daqiang
If you can continue to investigate the case and enter the career of the marshal
Maybe it can make up for Su Daqiang
Thank you Mr. Wu
I not only solve cases
And make those who frame me pay the price